Did you think your Montreal Canadiens would go 82-0?

The season-opening winning streak had to end.

And although a win in Vancouver would have been nice for homeboys Carey Price and Brendan Gallagher, this was better than having the Canadiens rendezvous with destiny foiled by the likes of the Bucking Fruins or Toronto.

And you could see it coming.

Wins eight and nine of the Canadiens streak were less than convincing – particularly when you factor in the quality of the opposition.

Friday night in Buffalo, the Canadiens were outshot 36-26 by the lowly Sabres… but still romped to a 7-2 win.

Then showing obvious signs of fatigue in the second game of a back-to-back, the Canadiens gave up an astonishing 52 shots-against in their 5-3 conquest of the lowlier Leafs.

Vancouver, which had yet to win a home game this season, was due.

And Canucks goaltender Ryan Miller had extra motivation: He was in nets for eight of the 10 straight wins Buffalo reeled off to open its season 2006.

The Canadiens had 26 shots at Miller in Vancouver Tuesday night. But while he was sharp, particularly on David Desharnais in the first and third periods, Miller was rarely tested by anything resembling the sustained pressure we saw from the Canadiens as they fashioned their win streak.

DD’s line had its moments. But while Michel Therrien uncharacteristically stuck with his lines throughout, I’m starting to think Dale Weise is a bit of a drag on his centre’s creativity.

At least DD, Weise and Tomas Fleischmann generated some chances.

For most of the game, the Alex Galchenyuk line was invisible. And the Canadiens’ power play, which had come to life during the winning streak, reverted to crapitude at a crucial point in the game.

Torrey Mitchell had tipped in an Alexei Emelin shot early in the third period to make it 3-1. Two minutes later, Vancouver’s Jake Virtanen (a big kid who had SEVEN hits) went off for hooking.

DD lost the O-zone faceoff to Brandon Sutter, the PP stumbled around and got no SoG, a Carey Price pass toward the bench produced a Too Many Men call against the Canadiens and that was the ballgame.

The Canadiens went 25-31 on faceoffs. They were outhit 17-9.

Save for that brief flurry early in the third period, the home team won foot races and puck battles all night.

Andrei Markov and P.K. Subban were on the ice for two goals as Vancouver raced to a 3-0 lead.

Jeff Petry and Alexei Emelin were on for the two third-period Vancouver goals that blew the game open.

Carey Price was less than Priceian on the first two Vancouver goals. And jared McCann had all day to tee up his shot on the third.

They were due for a stinker, and it could have been worse.

Tampa Bay lost, and the Canadiens still have a comfortable six-point lead atop the Atlantic division. (That ominous rumble in the distance is coming from Florida, which has moved into third.)

On to Edmonton and Calgary for an Alberta back-to-back on Thursday and Friday.

Fearless prediction: Lineup changes for the no-longer-invincible Canadiens.