A crazy thing happened to me last night and I need to get this off my chest.

First of all, let me give you a little background on myself.

I met my wife in High School and we dated until we got married. She is the only person I've ever dated and she is the only person I've ever slept with. We've been very happily married for 7 years now and we have two great kids together. I’m really lucky to have her. With that said, she's... well... not the most attractive person in the world. She put on weight in college, then put on more after our first kid, and put on even more after our second. Also, we don't have sex as much as I'd like to. Usually only once or twice a month. I wouldn't mention those last two things but I think it's relevant to how I'm feeling right now. But anyway, She's a great person, and I really feel like I'm a great husband and father. I’m living that storybook middle-class American life.

But then a few weeks ago I turned 30 and I've been surprisingly depressed about it. I’ve been feeling like I missed out on my youth. I was straight laced. I did all the right things. Never got into alcohol or drugs or wild parties. And since I was always with my wife I never had a chance to live that young and single life. I never got to flirt with women. I never got to go through the adventure of dating and I never got to have sex with multiple women. If you listened to Loveline growing up you've probably heard Dr. Drew talk about how it's healthier for men to get all the sex and drugs and craziness out of their system when they're younger. I totally see why. I feel like I missed out on a big part of life. I regret that I never got to have these fun, wild, and awesome experiences that everyone else got to have. I don't have any stories about crazy frat parties, or taking awesome trips, etc. I never got to hit on women. I never got a chance to seal the deal and take young women home with me. I don't think women quite understand just how powerful that drive to seek out attractive women and **** them is for a man. It can be overwhelming. And it sure as hell doesn't go away when you get married.

Fast forward to last night. Right now I'm 500 miles away from home and I'm out here working in the middle of nowhere, Alabama. Yesterday after a long day of work I was tired and hungry, so I decided to check out the local Mexican restaurant to get a drink and a bite to eat. I head to the bar and I'm greeted by a beautiful young waitress. A solid 9/10. She was cute, skinny, blond, and had an outgoing personality. Right off the bat she starts flirting with me. Hard. Harder than any other woman has ever flirted with me in my life. Now I'm a solid 6/10. I don't think I'm ugly but I sure as heck ain't pretty. So I quickly assumed she was just trying for a good tip. But at the end of the night she leans in close, hands me my check, points to her phone number written on top and says "call me." I had mentioned to her that I was only going to be in town for a few days, so there's really no question what she want's from me.

I couldn't believe it. Not even an hour before this I was depressed specifically because I was thinking I missed out on getting to sleep with young, attractive girls. And in walks an attractive young girl asking me to **** her. One year ago I would have quickly told her I was married. But now? I'm conflicted as all hell. I feel like if I turn her down I'll live the rest of my life seriously regretting it. I don’t want to lie down on my death bed regretting the things I never got to experience. As I’ve gotten older I’ve realized that I’m not scared of dying. But I am scared of not living my life to the fullest. I feel like this is my last shot to have a memorable experience.

And just to add, if there was any danger that I’d get caught I’d never ever do it. No question. I wouldn’t want to hurt my wife or jeopardize my marriage. But right now I’m far away from home. No one will know but me. No one will get hurt. I have no idea what I’m going to do. And trust me, I’m not trying to pretend sleeping with her is the morally right thing to do.

Like I said I really just wanted to get this off my chest, but I am curious to hear everyone else’s thoughts on this. 